Allow more fine-grained control over tokenizer input (#173)
explosion/curated-transformers: docs/source/tokenizers.rst

Tokenization
============

Tokenizer inputs
----------------

Each tokenizer accepts a ``List[str]`` or a ``List[InputChunks]``. In

> most cases passing a list of strings suffices. However passing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
most cases, passing a list of strings should suffice. However, passing
```

> :class:`.InputChunks` can be useful when adding special pieces to the input is
> required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`.InputChunks` can be useful when special pieces need to be added
to the input.
```

When the tokenizer is called with a list of strings, each string is
automatically converted to a :class:`.TextChunk`, which represents a text chunk
that should be tokenized. The other type of supported chunk is the

> :class:`.SpecialPieceChunk`. The piece stored by this type of chunk is not
> tokenized, but looked up directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`.SpecialPieceChunk`. The piece stored by this type of chunk is not
tokenized but looked up directly.
```
